&pmstllentlbub 51

temporisq3n10memohominesintezficific'.;sson÷
ῑῃῑρῑίῡψὶῑέἐᾷεῃ 3{{e÷nazi0÷hz2ffl1di{zm&propio{5
peramento δέ {abst-amia‚putsc‘fzffrcin {ab-est, sedv
quidab eaaliennm δέ difflerffim222corr÷2mpimt
eraim'homovench& enst25212÷svz2‘sffibssiussssssaezz
exstent &.apoplexia,.„&a}ijs ssmemiffmfflbisy
quibusnam putresci‘z homo εἷιεβεςίἐῦῐῑῧξὶἶῖὶὲῑ,
hffcestfflropriitamitistnazurfflffibstaniiszioff
prifiq3temp‘era2‘n5wm.⁴1n fiac corruptionefoffi
destruitur & corrfipitm· homossfozmafreim-
“· tema‘separamr:pufttefaffio‘autemnihiX-hffium
estssedma atd.cogr‘sspt}0n53 quae‘stafe &feffemiz
nim& potest fin‘ecdore ἂν ἱωωτεεξεμῑέῐεεωξζ
pfflnntsme ·p-u‘c?reffic”tione confistezc.}j -· 222
„ {Qnddautern'nostxioespozishaemortefsssssci
§inntssahcnmmmmzfempesr cmffifflpumun
sedmfffe,m·per1putrefcum: quodmanifest& :vi-⁴2
detur:in·1epilepfia causatap'er conse-nsufnpedssisss
an1.anu·sznam.inhoc''m0ssbogememus-mazer&
niassaehussmor pet-niciof03,qu1natfflLQmff-'tffi85
facultatem.. vefiaenosam sonitus· :haet ,mcsstfa &-
ascendensssab ea partegaut membro, ex qUQssg'e-:j
nitabst, sensu prizzat anjzma-l‚ss&.vmom whmta}
riosstawhomodecidat,fientfivsuseffetveheg
menmlethah ἃ ρεῖΐίἕεῖῦ,κέῡεῃθ. -’ , ;
:Qae'ritsun bamoth& genitusne fuiz<per‘pu3
txseifastionemssujccossupt‘ronemiNoneertbpqt

G 2. Ρῦἷῖᾱή

 

